# VictoryNLP
NLP-Class for the generation of a knowledge fragment dataset from text-document analysis developed specially for the German language

In this project a Natural Language Processing Algorithm was developed for the generation of a knowledge fragment dataset from real world documents of the University of Applied Sciences of Heilbronn with the focus on the information extraction from unstructured data, in form from text, into a structured dataset containing the entities and relations between them. To build this model, NLP methods such as tokenization, word embedding, tagging, parsing, named entity recognition and relation extraction were integrated into a pipeline. On this basis, the information was stored in the form of triplets (subjects, relations and objects) in a relational database, to which the knowledge graph database refers. The artefact which resulted from the efforts from this endeavor was an NLP-Class which was named VictoryNLP. The focus and target of this project is the information extraction from unstructured data, in form from text, into a structured dataset containing the entities and relations between them.

Thus, the model was initially fed with texts from 7,617 documents from Heilbronn University. From these, 605,698 knowledge fragments were extracted, at a ratio of about 80 knowledge fragments per document. Subsequently, the model was fed with data from 2,068 Wikipedia articles, from which 1,758,087 knowledge fragments were extracted, or an average of 850 knowledge fragments per article. This difference in performance can be explained by two main arguments. Firstly, the Heilbronn University data contained many erroneous documents where no text was available, which worsened the knowledge fragment to document ratio. Secondly, it was observed in the documents from Heilbronn University that semi-structured or structured texts were present, which is not suitable for the developed model. Finally, it should be mentioned that the performance of the model was strongly dependent on data quality and data format. In data distributions where the text is mostly in the form of continuous text, the model showed a better performance, whereas the performance of structured or semi-structured texts was not satisfactory.

The extracted information was organized in a relational dataset, which provides an easier, faster, and more efficient access to the whole information from the analyzed documents.
